what should you do about your pension
plan that is the topic for today's video
a subscriber had contacted me and was
wondering about his pension plan so I
decided to make a video about it he
works for a major corporation and later
down the road he'll be able to either
take a lump sum payment or he'll be able
to do the monthly installments so this
would allow him to decide does he want
to get it all up front
or does he want to do it in a way where
he would get that monthly
income this is my own opinion this is
what I would do and I'll share that with
you many people would like the monthly
income because they're not working their
9 to-5 anymore and this would be able to
supplement that it would provide them
with the income they need to pay their
bills and I think that's great for most
people but with a little extra
sophistication and a little bit of
involvement I think you can make a
better decision with that many people
don't want to take the tax up front and
I could totally understand that but the
lumpsum payment in my opinion is better
and the reason why is because we make an
assumption that these corporations will
pay out we don't know that we really
don't know it's an assumption you hope
so you hope that the government will
stay in will stay solvent and they will
be able to keep the corporation solvent
and so on but again that's an assumption
and we're talking about everything that
you've worked for and you've paid into
with that pension you may rely on it it
may literally be life and death so do
you want to take that risk that's up to
you so the lump suum payment what would
you do with all of that money right up
front well if you had any debt you would
definitely want to be paying that debt
right off if it's a mortgage if it's car
payments if it's anything you want to
get that off your back because if you're
not making that monthly income I do
believe that is critical that is the
number one priority but let's say you
were free and clear you didn't have
anything where where are you going to
put all of this money are you going to
put it in the bank and earn nothing no
interest and you know the way that
things will go is your money safe in the
bank there's a different strategy I call
it the money GPS
strategy it's essentially what we're
looking at is the ability to become
self-sufficient and that is having
things like solar
panels so let's just take some round
numbers for example let's say that
pension was
$100,000 and this would provide you with
enough to buy your solar panels maybe
that's 30,000 let's just give numbers
$30,000 and then you grew your own food
in your backyard Y and you could reduce
the amount that you spend on food you
can do so even in cold climates where
you can have a simple do yourself
greenhouse and you'll be able to provide
yourself with some level of food you can
do that you can grow a lot of food in
fact in a average
backyard you can engage in water
preservation or water catchment and this
is another way that maybe you can expand
that in certain areas of of the world
water catchment is the way to go look at
a place like Hawaii for example where
they haven't necessarily spent the money
on digging all the sewers and everything
so you would then have your own water
catchment it's normal there but where
most people live in the big cities it's
abnormal but you can do so if you had a
little bit of land you don't need that
much and that's just one other thing you
know that that's just things that are
coming off the top of my head I would
rather spend the money on the things
that will provide for me for years and
years to come instead of putting my
money into the hands of a corporation
and have them decide if they are to pay
me back I think it's a big mistake to
trust them and that's again that's my
opinion I would like to in have
different things like different
Investments that would pay me on a
monthly basis this is in my book secret
tip here but things like storage lockers
for example you can buy a storage
locker and somebody will rent that out
from you and that would provide you a
monthly income sure that's a small
income but actually the investment is
very small as well depends on where you
buy depends on a bunch of different
factors but this is important to know
that you can bring in a monthly income
you don't have to rely on these
companies and corporations to do so so
it is in my opinion that if the
government corporations or anyone else
is going to give you something take it
all up front and manage it yourself
don't rely on wealth management
companies don't rely on the financial
companies they've been caught over and
over again swindling you and really
taking everything that you have every
penny you have whether it's not from
management fees or anything else you're
going to see that managing yourself in
your own way way is always going to be a
better idea as long as you stay on top
of it I hope I made myself clear I hope
that the individual that's this video is
for really appreciates it and everyone
else as well because these pensions are
very important to people and I know that
and that's why I do have such a big
focus on this channel regarding Pension
funds so that's all take care